it's sad for Matt wait what Airport
madness oh yeah this is an airport
behind I'm ready my body is ready Howie
what are we what are we gonna be doing
though we're gonna blow each other kiss
each other up pepper why mine no at
least six singing deadly
let's know you they were like are there
girls here let's not boys only make
unhappiness here holy fuck are you doing
what the fuck happened there
Oh Kurt my dad made a blondie I hit him
in midair
we good lining great blow it Josh -
it'll blow down the ride who's gonna
blow someone up ah we can blow you up if
you want Jordy if you keep saying that
no no no we go is that a trick is that
this out what sorry a what a what what
right what's the track what's at RIT the
track is that a tractor is it that's
right Julie get him get him
oh man no worries you can get an easy
easy Oh Oh God
that was not me oh that's Josh that was
your day I won't blow you up Jillian
won't blow yo until he kill Josh okay
hey Josh I just think of all my jelly
waiting for him to blow you
Oh like ten times in well I'm like I
just see Cuba my I was just putting
sticky bombs down I wasn't checking who
was behind me oh yeah yeah yeah I just
uh keep on boundary karma filthy boy
gosh why did you go left
oh let's climb up dirty blond muff he
deserves it he preserves among us or a
sticky bomb or anything that's white
fucked alone you guys could do it man
you got to do it
dealing can get you know bad angle bad
angle Bannon in front of you oh fuck oh
come on
huh come on just die on me oh I'm trying
what's going on x-rayed oh oh oh you and
I may ahh
thank for me I'm not going for you I'm
go you're slow go man
yes good oh god I crash through god I'm
never gonna catch up you have to blow
him up you have a whale om up you have
ready right Rudy
gosh watch out Oh finally I did you say
finally
yes about bloody time Jennie seriously
seriously come up that's really that's
really a lot of cover
did you know Raj no Josh just tries to
kill me straight away DNA mr. Jack Boyd
yes no get the DNF now great great John
thanks Josh oh but other time how kill
you babies getting well over them I
tried to kill Josie
whoa who's gonna drive over the lines
who's gonna drive over than mine
nauseous josh is Josh's Oh Joey I'm
going for the sick yeah hey that's a
pretty neat CC rule double
let's be nice be ready don't don't what
I think I do for the dirty you're right
or me ah ignore me back you guys ready
for the double zero Susie I'm not
controlling it okay you're a weird toy
with it yep let's go let's get those
barrels we're good at Rutgers it's all
right we all right guys watch for that
yeah girls double sparrows dirty I have
no oh is that oh they didn't blow up
that's dangerous me joy what how did
that hit me what I didn't know that it's
like back spun on me that wasn't really
a second place yeah
I thought you never liked me oh god guys
this is where the double spiral it's
gonna happen Sparrow
holy holy crap holy crap fuck come on
hey made it all the way all the way all
the way all the way all the way oh sorry
Josh Josh I'm doing this load will
explode say no it'll be so much easier
destroyed
didn't landed on a rooftop that how I
don't worry come on I'll just wrote I'll
just join you oh yeah yeah my big okay
Jenny favor again yeah I did let's go
sighs let's do this
no oh shit points in midair there we go
there we go
quick points in me here anyways I made
it Djokovic you're circling all right I
missed a checkpoint I'm missing object
point hey this guy we're coming for your
birthday little thing coming for Miss
but wait do I know you shooting it Vijay
yes I'm just trying to blow your car
okay let's find or 100 Lodi I don't know
it's late depends how much armor I think
I've got hundreds an armor armor doesn't
work it weren't any races no it does for
bullets might it does for bullets Josh
knows his shit yeah gosh noises yeah
right it's bad right Josh facts we
charge it Josh doesn't everybody like
him well yeah to the left Josh oh wow
hey no we got this don't fail Josh you
gonna do this again hopefully right gosh
do jump in one try I nearly did it I
nearly did anything come on I mean it
elsewhere it is possible I'm gonna go
for that
let's try and do as well actually Ben
are you gonna try and do as well yes I'm
gonna do a jump in one oh did you not
make it so how did I wait what car of
you got may because you were behind us
come on I got a speedboat yeah probably
oh yeah see there's no way I could make
it that time round okay I crash into
Josh and don't let me fail Grilli you
failed okay you got the shape point you
legit I check point but I felt uh oh
yeah okay no upset porno fuck happen to
me
okay alright
and one more dog Porto struggles okay
guys I'm a little jealous out bitches
Charlie's outfit oh my god I did what
you did your day start I start every
morning early
no I but we have to root for dark why
why do I keep failing singing you made
it made it why does that happen
try to know Jilly I miss your shitty no
no no no you got this Josh don't worry
about it you can respond to that wasn't
even worse place to reach a lot of
checkpoints here latest respawn there
are a lot of motherfuckers are Quincy
all right
Josh is discharged let's go wait wait
let us call me yeah man that's nice
George Ellie what car have you got why
should a man I don't know why I didn't
fuck oh hey just got lucky
how many how many laps just got lucky -
uh - yes yeah in front of us that is
right in front of you guys it's riding
fine about man the baddest is which is
really a nice day so much fun with us I
missed the checkpoint Rory are now we
are No oh my I can't believe this I
can't believe this
nice take it on the right I can't do it
I can't deal with this I miss it another
checkpoint what - all right go right go
right right right right
I'm on the ride